AERIAL MAPPING

We specialize in producing sophisticated 2D and 3D digital elevation models and topographical maps. Our drones capture high-resolution three dimensional terrain measurements with accuracy and precision. We use the latest data acquisition and processing technologies to generate detailed reports.

We offer aerial mapping and topographic mapping services through the use of its Unmanned Aerial System / UAS (commonly known as drones). Aerial mapping has been made easy and accessible thanks to the ease that comes with using drones for aerial services.

Our aerial mapping solutions allow stakeholders to receive high-definition topographic maps delivered in a timely fashion (AutoCAD, etc.), along with updated Google Earth layers, and orthomosaic maps. Our customers enjoy real-time, high-definition, actionable data, eliminating the need to wait for weeks to get traditional ground survey results or rely on outdated public maps.

we offer enterprise drone aerial mapping services that capture high-resolution three dimensional terrain measurements with precision and accuracy. Our drone services are vertically integrated to add value to the agriculture, utilities, construction, and energy industries. Our aerial surveying service is a full end-to-end solution where our licensed UAV pilots conduct the surveys, we then processes all the data in-house, and then delivers actionable data and media to our customers.

AERIAL PHOTOGRAPHY 

Aerial Photography/Videography is used to create more dynamic and compelling images and videos. The professional aerial photographers make use of ready-to-fly aerial drones to capture mind-blowing shots by combining GPS programmed flight paths with automatic camera targeting.

Get premium quality aerial photos & video captured by one of our vetted and experienced professional drone photographers. We provide our pilots with necessary training to get it right the first time and on time.

We take the time necessary to understand your business objectives prior to launching any project. We understand that not all projects and properties are alike and that a cookie-cutter template won’t always work for you

We offer nationwide drone photography services and provide professional consistency and reliability for your brand. Our scale is large enough to enable fast turnaround times and eliminate any and all travel fees or expenses that could otherwise be borne by clients. The expert drone operators within our network are vetted and proven, and are ready to take on any project you send our way.

We have the flexibility required to adapt our services for any project and provide a simple solution for getting quality results.

DRONE ENGG AND PILOT TRAINING 

We offer training on how to operate the latest technology drones and how to pilot them, right from the basic level. With our drone camera technology, we will teach them how to make the best use of aerial photography along with filming using the equipment.

It is a 40 hour duration course that covers topics that teach how to construct , design and manufacture unmanned aerial vehicles ( Drones ) which are simply called UNNAMED AERIAL VEHICLE ENGINEERING COURSE. The course consists mainly of theory, along with a practical session for drone designing, manufacturing and piloting where students get a hands on experience of operating a set up drone. The main topics that this intensive course covers are:
Basic UAV systems
UAV parts and its’ function
UAV electrical system
UAV assembly calibration and testing the Quadcopter and piloting.
This course is open to all and has no restrictions or eligibility criterions for its students. Students from all professions and backgrounds are welcome to study this course at our institution.
Here is your chance to level up to expertise in Drone piloting in just 40 hours!

We at Vimanam are an experienced and talented team of drone photography and video filming specialists with over 8 years of experience in this niche industry. We have successfully undertaken various iconic Indian projects and also some International projects in countries such as Sri Lanka.
To add a feather to our cap, we also conduct aerial photography courses covering the following topics;

1. Basic drone settings – before and after flight.
2. Safe operations of the drones using a remote control.
3. Hands-on training with drones with the help of experienced Pilots.
4. Aerial cinematography techniques using drones with expert mentors from the industry.
5. Basics of drone piloting and the safety measures involved along with indoor and outdoor flying of the drones

The course will be covered in a duration of 20 hours. Our academy is certified to conduct drone courses along with an open space, good laboratories and classrooms for an enriching learning experiencing in this field.
For more details please contact +91 99414 19490
(Call / WhatsApp)


INSPECTION AND MONITORING

Drone Photography Services offer a very cost effective, quick solution for UAV aerial building surveys compared to more expensive traditional methods of scaffolding, platforms, steeplejacks or hiring a cherry picker.  No one leaves the ground so you do not have to worry about the HSE - “Working at Height” health and safety regulations.

This is very useful if the roof or structure is unsound or has difficult or complex access. We can do high level aerial surveys from ground level to 400ft.

You can also stand with us and monitor the video in the ground in real time as we fly, so you know we are getting the exact images you are looking for. 

Drones are now becoming recognised as the first point of inspection and an efficient method to access difficult-to-reach areas for various industrial applications.

Drone images and video can help inspect, analyse and review, before committing to the expense of erecting scaffolding, hiring cranes or deploying suspended access cradles.

Drone inspection can save hours for skilled climbers, pinpointing and allowing them to set priorities and a timetable for planned or urgent maintenance.



360 Aerial Panoramas

Drone Photography Services produce high-resolution 360° interactive aerial panoramic photographs to promote your business using our drones.

Our 360° virtual tours give you the feel of being there up high with a birds eye view where you can turn around 360° and look closely at ever detail. Click on the image below to run this 360 Panorama.

You can view on your mobile tablet or large screen, and fly to a new point by moving your finger or zoom in for a closer look.  The viewers become immersed in the experience of the 360 look around. Click in the image below to run this 360 Panorama.


Our specialist interactive 360° aerial photography gives the visual information people are searching for.  Research shows that people are looking for visual information before they buy or visit.

Our drones take the aerial photographs from a height of between 40 and 120 metres depending on the client requirements.

Often Google's aerial maps and Google Earth’s aerial satellite views are out of date and do not reflect the true picture.  Our aerial 360 photography shows more detail, are accurate and current, giving your business the best chance to be found.

We can insert and embed headings, website links, other photographs and videos in our 360 panoramas to enhance the full interactive experience.



PROPERTY TOURS 

Drone property tours are not just limited to the Real Estate market. Aerial tours are great tools for country clubs, golf courses, vineyards, nature reserves, hotels, resorts and more. You can use the tours to market your business, as an educational tool or use the footage to generate engagement online. Whatever the purpose may be, we can provide a quality product that will surely be a talking point of your business.

With drone footage you can create simulated paths that people would take through your property, but through a whole new perspective. Using a drone is like bringing the virtual tour to life, no more still shot slideshows and forget the computer simulated walk-throughs! You can use drones to provide real time footage of what it’s like to be on your property.

Our drone footage is edited into a video file with the professional internal photography and floorplans we’ve produced to give the estate agent a new tool to help them advertise the property. For ease of storage the video file is supplied on a complimentary USB stick along with all the photograph files and plan files ready to be used in print and online.


REPAIR SERVICE

We all know that things happen when flying your drone. The wind picks up and pushes it into a tree. Prop not fully tighten and down she comes. You get more comfortable with flying and want to test our your acrobatic skills. Stories like this and more can result in broken gimbals, lost propellers, cracked outer shells. When (not if) this happens to you, we can fix it right and get it back to you



